1: Tell me about a difficult challenge you solved . What was it how did you solve it
 A : The most challenging difficulty I faced in my pervious organization was to automate all the activities done on a payment like Generate RFI(Request for Information), RRFI(Response to Request for Information), GPI(an ACK which shows the payment is in which status), Rejecting, Accepting etc. I had to work on this automation for almost 3 weeks. So here the difficulty i have faced is at first i had to fetch the data from database for each status which took very much time for completing all activities on a payment so later i realised and tried to fetch all the payments from database at once and based on that status i called each REST API to do the respective activities on them.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Introduce yourself
 A : Hi, I am Saibalaji. I have total of 5.5 years of experience in IT industry as a developer. I have experience on Core JAVA, SQL and some frameworks like Struts and Springboot. And This is my 3rd organization which I am working for. Previously I have worked with Techwave and TCS where i was working as a developer in both companies.
In Techwave the project i have worked for is Volante. It handles all the financial transactions like payments. I have worked with SWIFT and ISO payments. My day to day activities includes developing new features and clearing the bugs raised in current sprint and also backlog defects. Technologies we used here are Java, SQL(Oracle and MSSQL), springboot, ActiveMQ and Rest APIs.
In TCS the project i have worked for is TCSiON, where it handles all the notifications like email,sms and whatsapp. My day to day activities includes developing new features and clearing the bugs raised in current sprint and also backlog defects. And also here i have done some production support where clients used to raise tickets in CRM. The interaction between me and client will be happened in CRM itself where we can write in comments and assign back to client for requesting data or anything. Technologies I used here are Java, SQL, Struts framework, JSP, JavaScript, and CSS.
